most everyone's my auntie's w/e 2k15
news for you now we had a
behind-the-scenes video it's personal i
gen like in the description we're going
to take a little bit of screen grabs a
brim with see Jimmy Hart mouth for the
self cheer me her mouth for the self is
that one air being implication of having
more manager say in the game possible
with Paul Heyman doing work on it we
have John Laurinaitis he was already
confirmed for the same pump John Cena
food in 2k showcase but they're getting
all his facial expressions best picture
ever it's surely this is some behind the
scenes of the animation works you can
see referee someone in the background
someone game pedigreed Triple H doing
the pedigree because it has his name on
it but the most important screenshot of
the lot that I'm going to show is this
one this is footage shown in the in the
backstage trailer thingy of a Yoshi
tonic which is in the game already this
could be a new move but it clearly
states Yoshi tonic on it in the coding
on left hand side but it also says Zane
there's only one person causing and
that's Sammy saying now this could mean
one or two things firstly it could mean
and that Sami Zayn is in the game
completely very good chance of what with
it being NXT for my career mode or it
could be that he was in the game doing
motion capture and that's why they had
highlighted in the code seen saying but
the thing in fact is it says free camp
Zane which makes me think he's
definitely in the game let's give
permanent cover cover cover cover can't
farm confirm it confirm it do you agree
with Michael farmer say clearly the same
clearly says they leave the cops explore
don't leave like and subscribe for more
the video to give 15 did I miss anything
leave it in the comment section below
and we'll cover it in another video
thank you very much and we will see you
later let's do shucky ducky quack quack